Add easy deps install (#1)
ami-iit/paper_ramadoss-2022-ral-humanoid-base-estimation: docs/usage.md

- MATLAB Curve Fitting Toolbox

### Easier way to install dependencies
Instead of manually installing the iDynTree MATLAB bindings, we provide a script that installs the bindings using a `Mambaforge` installer without modifying anything in the PC.

> One can install these bindings by launching the script `install_idyntree_bindings` on the MATLAB console while being in the `scripts` folder. This process must install the bindings in `paper_ramadoss-2022-ral-humanoid-base-estimation/deps/idyntree-matlab/mex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can install these bindings by launching the script `install_idyntree_bindings` on the MATLAB console while being in the `scripts` folder. This process installs the bindings in `paper_ramadoss-2022-ral-humanoid-base-estimation/deps/idyntree-matlab/mex` directory.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ami-iit/paper_ramadoss-2022-ral-humanoid-base-estimation/commit/2295787f336f3825bc6366453dbd792b52198801

In order to install the bindings in a custom location, one can run

``` matlab
install_idyntree_bindings('installPrefix', '<install_path>')
```

> One must ensure not to provide any path location with a space character in it, eg. `/deps/hello world` is not recommended.

Reviewer: I would avoid to put the information on how to use custom install location here, it seems to add complexity that is not needed for most users. If necessary, we can put this info in the comments of the `install_idyntree_bindings` function, so that expert users if they want know where to look for it.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ami-iit/paper_ramadoss-2022-ral-humanoid-base-estimation/commit/2295787f336f3825bc6366453dbd792b52198801
